let's go on or this one join my blue one
with the orange or classic this one I
use the blue huh yeah okay sounds
awesome his effigy just fucking rad go
now let's do it clear out the rest of
the same saga any will do to frieza saga
when you reach eyes are gone you will
fail the mission to be careful oh shit
really may be really cool if we can do
this without uh ever dying mm-hmm the Z
fighters death to you fools so it's a
nasty moving try to avoid dodging oh
that's pretty cool so blah blah blah
blah we all land on the ground the Z
fighters I don't know why you always
land before I do
I could resist I'm sorry what yeah that
piccolo oh I know flipping neon piccolo
Oh what's skokie you're gonna die whoa
I've got like a stinky aura Wow
chilliando I'll fucking do that I'm
thinking I'm sacred oh do you could this
be like the GG
Oh synchro my bag that go on playing go
on
support
for heels or fresh holy shit yeah
where'd you go whoa oh that said that
Barry
sorry what was that same girl bout I
don't
hey fuckhead how you doing daddy here
yah yah yah
yes yeah at the end
get him
I'll go go on Big Boy when I got him
apparently hey kid gohan you know what's
nice a bunch of black oak point blank
hope
dude only kind of broke into your here
look at this up oh shit
last character oh you don't oh you ain't
healing buddy look like
Krillin piccolo with disco hey you're
the one with the antennas that's ray
slow oh shit oh this is not going to be
good
win
I can't oh my god of it no way they have
a sink health park oh all right these
are but are you son of a bitch screwed
or through it all go can't can't oh my
god
Oh
oh my god Kate Kate Kate I can't oh my
god Julian hell's own grenades
everywhere she's his fucking god
really
oh yeah bitch
roxen away
Oh
if they go up okay okay
no oh god oh god
yeah pickle you're not even blocking
son of a bitch look piccolo really down
Kenny thank you based our Crillon get
him Dirk get him
goodbye oh how did you get bad I expand
my last shots gonna get the give energy
oh I know gud scrub mode all 37 nice
good chance one energy and new items
added the premium collection I just got
card just all the cards is like the base
stuff ah yeah who's pretty good it's
good fight it was good fight see what
our new premium sorry I got risk level
one sacrifice HP or and to increase
melee and key blast attack power oh nice
and master roshi sunglasses you can
block the glare from the Sun oh we're
dull nice that's pretty cool sweet
alright so we're never gonna do goku's
and then we can head on to the freezer
song alright sweet